So here you can see my VPC has been created for this ECS cluster and you can view the VPC.
So this is the name of my VPC and subnets.
Now you can see 4 subnets has been created 2 are private and 2 are public.
So here you can see in the name the public and private it is showing.
So you can co-relate which one is private and which one is public.
And click on NAT Gateway.
So here you can see one NAT Gateway is also configured with this VPC.
Now coming to my this Amazon ECS cluster and I'm going to create my cluster.
So just click on create cluster and this time I'm going to choose EC2 Linux + networking and click
on Next Step.
Now it is asking few information to configure your cluster.
The cluster name.
I'm giving EC2 Linux Cluster Demo.
You can give any name according to your requirement instance configuration.
So once this cluster would be created at the back end, there would be the instances.
So what provisioning model you want on demand, instance or spot?
So let me go with the default one on demand instance EC2 instance type.
So let me go with this one t2 micro.
I'm okay with that t2.micro and a number of instances.
How many instances you want.
Suppose I want 2 instances and EC2.
AMI ID  So let me go with the Amazon Linux 2 and the root EBS volume size.
So by default it has taken 30 GB.
So I'm okay with that key pair.
So I'm already having the key pair, so let me choose that one.
So ECS demo testing.
KP So this is the key pair I'm going to use to connect with my instances.
Now coming to the networking part now.
VPC So I'm going to choose the VPC, which I have created subnets.
So let me go back to my PPT.
So for this ECS cluster, I'm going to choose the private subnets only.
So this is the public one.
This is also public.
This is the private here.
You can see with the name.
Let me choose one more private.
Okay fine.
And auto assign public IP.
So you want any public IP?
I would say no.
So this is my private subnet.
I want.
My environment should be secure.
Security group.
So you can choose a default one or you can choose the one which you have created earlier.
So let me go with the default one and at later stage you can modify the security group.
And the next is container instance IAM role.
So that's very important.
So let me try to explain what basically this telling.
So basically when you create this instances so your instances by default one agent would be their ECS
agent.
The agent would be running on all the EC2 instances which you are going to create for your cluster.
For this cluster, I'm going to choose 2 instances.
So 2 instances would be running in your private subnet with ECS agent running on both the instances
right now.
What is this role?
So for AWS if one service, if they want to communicate with another service, it requires role.
So here, this is my cluster which I'm going to create.
So this entire cluster is going to manage by the ECS service.
So if your ECS service, if they want to communicate for the instances of your cluster, it requires
some role.
So here you have to create the role for that.
So by default it is going to create this role.
So basically suppose your ECS cluster, if they want to create some containers on the EC2 instances,
suppose if they want to create or delete some containers from any particular instances, so such type
of communication but only possible if we have that role.
So that's why we need the role for that.
And if you want, you can give the tag as well and  cloud watch container insights.
If you want to enable the cloud watch container insights, you can tick on that and just finally click
on Create.
Now here you can see your cluster is started creating and you can see that at the bottom auto scaling
group is also creating.
So here basically desired number of instances would be 2 and this desired number of instances is
going to be maintained by your auto scaling group.
If in case one instance is down, your auto scale is going to create one more instance for this cluster.
So that's all for this lecture.
In the next lecture, I will discuss more about it.